so far in technology, the students have learned how to build a basic webpage with html and css. They have learned the structure of an html document and how to apply styles such as backgrounds, borders, heights and widths. They have learned headings, font sizes and how to change fonts. They have learned to link pages together and insert images into pages. Most recently, they have learned to build lists to display a hierarchy of information and applied this to their timeline. Their explorer project will be a multiple page site where the pages link to each other. 



Wait, I thought we were broke??? Suddenly we have the money for another war? That's great news, because if we have so much money, starting a nation wide government run work program to bring down the unemployment rate should be fine.Right?


Great we bomb their nuke facilities and they start shooting modern, super sonic SS 23 Sunburn anti ship missiles at our carriers in the gulf. What will the price of oil be when their is a burning nuclear carrier blocking the gulf.


I highly suspect that Iran is not waiting on the next American Presidential election to determine their nuclear policy. I would also like these GOP saber rattlers to outline some policy which they will enact to ensure tha


Mitt Romney's pre-election declaration of war on Iran will be an albatross around his neck when pressed to defend this banal and reckless scare tactic rant. President Obama addressed the issue directly and coherently last night, announcing his face to face meetings with presidents of Russia and China solidifying support and resolve among the world's most powerful nations to prevent Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons. Let's imagine the economy continuing to slug along at an anemic pace while the world rebuilds and improves its economic conditions, even if slower than we all wish. That's probably going to be the case with either Romney or Obama. Now imagine that plus war with Iran. Take your pick, I'm going with Obama and the chances of preventing Iran's nuclear arms are much better with US, Russia and China on the same team, so Obama not Mitt is more likely to be successful on that count as well.





Romney like Netanyahu is frantically beating the drums for war with Iran, based on the false idea that Iran plans to wipe Israel off the map. Yet this stems from a misinterpretation. President Ahmadinejad, speaking at Columbia University 9/24/07and elsewhere on American TV, explained that he had been misquoted: he did not seek the destruction of the Israeli people but only wished for a change in Israel's leadership so as to end their illegal occupations. He said he would agree to any peace with Israel endorsed by the Palestinian people. Israel, the pariah nation delegitimized in the eyes of the world, is in violation of international law and UN Security Council resolutions which call on Israel to end its occupations, because the acquisition of territory by war is inadmissible. For this reason, 57 countries do not recognize Israel.Unfortunately, Israel prefers to solidify its occupation through apartheid Jew-only settlement expansion rather than to make peace.




Bottom line: Iran cannot be allowed to build nuclear weapons. Western civilization depends upon it.




Romney, like all the GOP contenders with the exception of Ron Paul, is an Israel Lobby whore, thus an Israel-Firster. A strong case can be made for imposing sanctions on Israel rather than Iran. Israel has hundreds of nuclear weapons, and its clandestine program has never been under UN oversight. Israel even jailed in solitary confinement Israeli nuclear technician Mordechai Vanunu who blew the whistle on the covert nuclear weapons program. Israel never signed the NPT whereas Iran has, and this guarantees a peaceful nuclear program, including uranium enrichment. UN inspectors’ cameras are in place in Iran, not Israel. Iran has to be careful since their scientists are being systematically assassinated. Although the IAEA reported concerns that the Iranians were loath to disclose the whereabouts of their nuclear scientists, this is hardly surprising since the Israel secret service Mossad loves to murder them. On 11/24/09, the BBC reported the arrest of an Israeli in Tel Aviv for planting a bomb under a vehicle. It turns out that the bomb was a fake, and the man was a Mossad agent-in-training.


Romney is a Netanyahu clone. French President Sarkozy, himself Jewish, says he can’t stand that liar Netanyahu. No wonder. Netanyahu is trying to scare us into a disastrous war with Iran just as he did with Iraq. As professor Geofrrey Wawro writes in his book Quicksand: “Bush bought into an Israeli scare campaign that exaggerated the threat of Iraqi WMD. Former Likud prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu traveled to Washington in April 2002 to meet with senators and journalists and warn them that Saddam was perfecting nuclear ‘suitcase and satchel bombs’ that could be scattered around the United States.”



Israel doesn't have the bombing capability to knock out the site. Only the US could. Why would we do that since it is not a threat to us. As Ron Paul said, the only sensible position I've heard, suggests getting used to the idea of a nuclear armed Iran. One false move and they'd be wiped off the face of the earth. We got along with China and Russia for years and they have equal nuclea arms capabilities to the US. So, starting a war with Iran to make Israel happy tells me something is upside down here. Get along you two.




War with iran is not a option now and neither america or the middle east can afford sparking regional war. Iran is isolating itself from it's neighboring countrys, and saudi arabia and other sunni countrys would give a arm and a leg to prevent the shia dominated iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon. But We can not attack iran, and we must restrain isreal from attacking iran, it would only make other countrys sympathise with iran, and the war that would start would include every country that has a grudge againsit isreal. Iran is not making any friends with its policies, lets let it seal its own fate.



No wonder Joe Lieberman loves Romney, who like him is a warmongering Israel Lobby neocon. The GOP rants about cutting spending but they mean only American domestic spending. There is no price limit on Wars for the Jews. They lied us into war with Iraq to benefit Israel, and Iran is next. Romney wants to increase active-duty forces by 100,000 and boost defense spending. (WSJ 10/8-9/11) Music to the ears of the Jewish warmongers like Lieberman. More wars for Jewish settlement expansionism and to heck with America. all



Iran would not be ANY sort of threat to us if we hadn't overthrown their ELECTED government in 1953. We overthrew a sovereign nation that was never a threat to us and instituted a pro-US dictator called the Shah. The shah committed thousands of human rights abuses. When the Iranians took control of the embassy, the Iranian hostage crisis, the students who instigated it had three simple demands. 1. Return the shah to Iran for trial (and probably execution), 2. remove the US military presence from the Arab Peninsula, and 3. apologize to Iran. All reasonable. What does Romney think that we would do if another nation were to impose "crippling sanctions" on us?


We should run an Israel Blackout plan... Where we convince Iran that Israel doesn't exist anymore. Maybe that will cool things down.



I want Iran in the same situation as germany and japan no military. it seems they just want blood with everyone.



Iran -- with nuclear weapons, is a horrifying thought, and this is by far the most potentially devastating and disastrous issue we face.



Why would the world want to protect Israel? Israel has ICBM nukes and has threatened Iran's very existence. Of course Iran wants nukes. Iran needs a nuclear deterrent. Resolution lies not with further threatening or attacking Iran, but with immediate and severe UN sanctions disrupting Israel's exercise of its deranged fixations on dominance and invulnerability.




Sanctions only confirm Iran's need nuclear weapons. Lift all sanctions and compensate Iran for damages from the $10B we will no longer be giving Israel annually. American foreign policy must again serve American interests, not the Jewish state's grandiose aspirations.




Netanyahu admitted this morning to CNN's Candy Crowley that Israel has no proof that Iran is building a nuclear weapon. I believe that Iran's assessment is correct regarding Iran's retaliatory capabilities and US and Israeli military limitations. The US should reassess its involvement in that part of the world in light of current events, including Natanyahu's penchant for war mongering. It could be a deflection from Israeli domestic problems and thus political.


Iran continues to enrich uranium in high volumes to levels far beyond that needed for its one commercial nuclear power plant. The UN agency charged with keeping nuclear programs from going into nuclear weapons production voted this week - including Russia and China- that Iran was refusing to cooperate with requests for inspection. Iran has not shown that its nuclear program is peaceful. Chanting "Death to the US" and threatening to obliterate Israel and US military bases makes the current Iranian regime a terrorist government.




The US should NOT be pressured by Israel into plunging into another middle eastern military situaion. Meanwhile Bibi is dog whistling to the neocon conservatives while he hypes the urgency of confronting Iran. Haven't we seen this movie before?



The rush to war isn't about fear. They sell it that way to the unknowing American public, which seems to thrive on living in fear. No, the rush to war is nothing more than a bunch of folks who have no skin in the game casually playing a live-action game of Risk for their pleasure, and the enrichment of friends and donors. The Iraq war had the additional element of being "for my Daddy", correcting a perceived wrong done on GHW Bush by Saddam.





we should provide Israel with the means to remove those missiles as well. If necessary, take them out ourselves. Take out the Iranian air force, subs and navy while we're at it. Iran is ruled by an evil and savage tyranny. Allowing that government to obtain nuclear weapons is equivalent to allowing Charlie Manson to hold a loaded handgun in a crowded room. There is that parlor game, "if you could have killed HItler in 1931, would you have done it?" The current danger is just as real. The choice is ours.



The concern that I have is how easy it would be for Iran to segregate enough fissile material to actually construct a weapon. We have seen this with N Korea. Once the physics of a weapon were discovered manufacturing them in secrete with the support of a government would be relatively easy. It may not be a sophisticated highly efficient weapon but it could still gut a major city. We are way behind the curve on this endeavor, Pres. Bush missed opportunities as well as Pres. Obama.. As much as I would like to believe that sanctions will prevent this from occurring it seems to me the world better get used to a nuclear middle east...



The sanctions are a joke and a fraud. Per the L.A. Times “…the Obama administration has issued special sanctions waivers to China, India, Japan, South Korea and 16 other nations. The six-month waivers allow the 20 countries to continue buying lesser amounts of oil, with some restrictions, without running afoul of U.S. sanctions. The result: Iran slipped just two places, from second to fourth, in crude oil production in July among OPEC members.”



What would Israel use to retaliate against Iran? Nukes? So Israel is allowed to have a nuclear weapons arsenal and not allow any inspections or sign any treaties regarding them, use them as an existential threat to Iran/Persia, but Iran is not even allowed to think about it, and European Jews claiming to have a right to Arab land over religion is fine, but displaced Arabs forced into camps acting out in violence for religion is crazy.



Time to rewrite the nuclear Non Proliferation Treaty to offer nations energy assistance with solar instead of nuclear power. Solar energy is better for your health. The technology for commercial nuclear power leads directly to weapons-useable enriched uranium and reactor-produced plutonium.



Real "Sanctions" would shut down the Irainian oil trade.



Time for Obama to stop dancing around the issues, and set a firm resolve with Iran and Israel. The US will be caught in an unnecessary dire straight as long as Obama skirts issues involving  his taking responsibility. His priority should not be re-election, but getting involved in world affairs that can't wait for Romney to be President. Obama and Biden's continued bragging about killing Osama has kindled the outbursts we see in Africa.



Ehud Barak, Israel's Minister of Defense, has heaped praised the Obama adminstration as the best for Israel's security in his memory.  Barak is a former Prime Minister and served 35 years in the IDF. Romney has already made it explicitly clear that he would allow Israel to dictate our foreign policy.  i trust no one, even right wing fanatics, beleives this would be in America's interest. Following his disasterous tour of friendly nations in the summer, Romney is showing yet again that he is not fit for office and would be a danger to our country and interests around the world. 


Why is Israel more important than England, Ireland, Italy, Poland, Germany, Spain, Canada or anyone of the US' other allies? It is people like Bibi that's turning the world against Israel.



I'll take Mr. Netanyahu any day, any time,  Peace through strength.


Yeah bomb everyone. I'm sure you will be signing up for the army to participate. Or are you just advocating violence from your kitchen? The sanctions are working.


Let them fight their own wars.


Let's see the international community come up with an appropriate punishment for Israel for all the crimes it's committed against humanity in the past decades. Israel's aggressions are constantly excused and overlooked in the light of self-defense. Well, Israel isn't the only country in need and desirous of self-defense. wake up!



Israel is surrounded by billions of head chopping cave men. They strap bombs on their 4 year old children for Allah. These one celled insects have been murdering non believers since the 700's AD. Your international community is made up of closed minded progressive communist. They need useful idiots like we have here in amerikah. Try and do some credible reading.



Iran has, too many times, said that it would wipe Israel off the map. Nothing the Obama administration says can counteract that because President Obama's credibility with Israel is as weak as the Times's story. For almost two years, President Obama has used every diplomatic tool at his disposal to strengthen US ties to the Islamic world, often at Israel's expense. His administration's strongest statements and actions have been against Israel on issues ranging from construction of new Israeli homes in Jerusalem to pressure to engage in direct talks with the Palestinians.In contrast are Obama's "open hand" policy toward Iran, his nomination of an ambassador - our first in at least five years - to Syria and his reported collaboration with Egypt on an international resolution saying the Middle East is a "nuclear free zone," which is aimed at Israel's nuclear weapons program. Obama's "persuasion" of Israel only increases the pressure on the Netanyahu government, and makes the attack on Iran more likely.


The teetering crux seems to rest on a judgment about whether Tehran's bellicosity is faintly ridiculous or in deadly earnest. Are the dark clouds cardboard flats, or the real thing?



There are three main questions: 1. Does the U.S. have a right to launch wars of aggression without provocation, in defiance of international law and an international consensus, simply on the basis of its own suspicions about another country's future intentions? 2. Even if Iran were to acquire the means to build a nuclear weapon, would that be a legitimate or prudent reason for launching a war? 3. Is Iran actually developing nuclear weapons?




Unfortunately, as long as the debate on how to deal with Iran remains mired in the right-vs.-left question of whether war or diplomacy is the answer, we will be tempted to juxtapose the military option with too-general descriptions of the diplomatic alternatives .... Unfortunately there are no easy answers to the Iranian conundrum, and no quick solutions -- military or diplomatic.


"We promise to stop enriching uranium to 20 per cent if fuel supply is ensured," Ahmadinejad said. "We have the right to enrich uranium. Iran has never provoked a war nor craved for nuclear bombs." Is he telling the truth? Who knows? But the US should find out. If we can negotiate an end to the Iran nuclear issue, we have to. The "bomb Iran" option has to be taken off the table."


Before bombing Iran, as many now seem to want to do, here are some questions that require answers and considerable public debate: 1. Bombing a sovereign nation is a de facto declaration of war. Our Constitution requires the Congress, not the President, to declare war. Simply because we have launched a number of wars without a Congressional declaration does not mean the Constitutional requirement has been suspended; 2. Such an attack will have economic consequences for us. The Iranians most likely would blockade the Strait of Hormuz, thus reducing the shipment of Persian Gulf oil-almost one-quarter of our imports-and dramatically increasing world oil prices. This would have a powerfully negative affect on our already fragile economy.


The whole discussion of an Israeli or American strike against Iran seems to take place in an historical void, as if we have not just lived through the brutal, grinding experience of a war chosen and sold on shaky grounds. I would hope that the lessons of Iraq will not be so easily forgotten. When we are presented with claims of a ticking clock approaching midnight, we should recall Colin Powell at the UN and be very suspicious about the alleged urgency and absence of options. When we are told that an attack will likely succeed at low cost, with the positive impact high and the negative impact minimal, we should recall the predictions that the war on Iraq would likely cost little and easily succeed. When offered the hope that an air strike would quickly take out Iran's nuclear facilities without significant retaliation, we should remember that it is at least as likely that the attack would escalate to war, leading the U.S. to be dragged down into a new hell of occupation and regional conflagration. Launching preventive wars against hypothetical WMD should no longer be part of America's or the world's repetoire. Nor should rosy assumptions about easy wars, or artificially limited options which supposedly leave us no choice. Goldberg's article has set off a important debate about how to deal with Iran. I hope that this debate reveals in all clarity that the military option should be off the table, and that more creative forms of diplomacy will be needed in the coming years.




We shouldn't be debating how long it will take for Iran to complete a bomb, Milhollin says. "Instead, we should keep our eyes on the big fact here, which is that Iran is fast approaching the status of a "virtual" nuclear weapon state -- one with the ability to kick out UN inspectors and build a handful of nuclear warheads. This is not an argument for bombing Iran, by Israel or anyone else. But it is a warning -- a warning that we must confront the growth of Iran's nuclear capability, and not be lulled into imagining that it's not real.




Israel's fond memories of past "preemptive successes" - the 1967 "Six Day War," the Osirak reactor strike in Iraq in 1982 and the destruction of what Israel described as a nascent nuclear weapons facility in the Syrian desert in 2007 - could lead it to overestimate its capabilities with regard to the sprawling and dispersed Iranian program. It should, instead, be focused on the memory of its failure to defeat Hezbollah alone during the short 2006 war, and the reality that even the most successful strike against Iran only postpones a day of reckoning. A comprehensive peace that draws the Sunni Arab states into a de facto alliance against the revolutionary Shiites of Iran is the only long-term solution to Israel's security dilemma. That means a contiguous Palestinian state, returning the Golan Heights to Syria and signing the nuclear non-proliferation treaty.This all seems hard to imagine right now. Israel is in no mood (or political condition) to compromise. And Iran's regime is in a state of panic after last summer's unrest, even if the regime has (for now) prevailed. But neither side should be fooled: an attack on Iran cannot be "limited" in the way air strikes on Hezbollah in Lebanon or Hamas positions in Gaza. War on Iran means war with Iran, and that war will rock the world.



Can igniting such a conflict possibly be in the U.S. or Israeli interest? The answer is a clear no. The price is just too high. The smarter alternative is for President Obama to trust his own instincts and to make clear to Netanyahu that the U.S., rather than Israel, will lead in the international response to the Iranian challenge. .... In my view, Obama's patient, careful, and sophisticated policy makes much more sense for our country, as well as for Israelis, than an early resort to war by Israel that risks causing more problems than it resolves.




Containment is the best option. For containment to work it needs two things: international consensus and an effective enforcement mechanism, possibly including military resources -- such as ships to cordon off Iran and prevent the transport of sanctioned or illicit goods. So what provisions does a viable containment policy need to have? As one of the early steps, for example, should containment include trying to cut off Iranian access to foreign refineries, which Iran needs, given that it doesn't have enough refineries of its own to process oil for its domestic market? Sounds easy, but to work it needs full international cooperation -- in principle at the United Nations, and in practice from countries or companies servicing Iran -- as well as an enforcement mechanism to prevent smuggling. That's only one option of many, and we should imaginatively be thinking through others before racing into military action.



Israel cannot risk another Holocaust; it deserves to be particularly sensative to existential threats. It's both rational and emotional. 



A nuclear-armed Iran isn't merely undesirable. It's unacceptable. A nuclear Iran, backed by Russia (and perhaps China), would alter the balance of power in the Middle East, destabilize saner Arab countries in the region, undermine U.S. interests and pose a mortal threat to Israel. An inept strike against Iran would indeed invite retaliation. But remember: The West and Iran have been at war for decades. A nuclear-armed Iran could easily turn the struggle for the worse -- for Israel and for the United States. No more half-measures.




A nuclear-armed Iran is undesirable. It may also be inevitable. The suffering unleashed by an attack on the country, though, would be guaranteed -- while the consequences of a nuclear Iran remain, at this point, hypothetical. If the debacle in Iraq has taught us anything, it is that we should wait for a true threat to reveal itself, instead of squandering blood and treasure trying to ward off a chimera.



About a year and a half ago, I participated in a conference on the Iranian nuclear program and its wider aspirations in the Middle East. Among the participants were American, European, and Middle Eastern diplomats; a variety of foreign policy experts (many of whom previously worked at places like the State Department); a couple of journalists and activists; and a good variety military experts and former officers. At the end of the conference, we conducted a war exercise in which we simulated a US attack on Iran. But before we got to this point, we had immediately dismissed the possibility of Israel carrying out the strike itself. Many of Iran's facilities are hardened and well-protected by anti-aircraft weaponry and a fleet of aging but capable aircraft that can at least harass any attack force. This isn't a problem for the US, since the USAF and USN have at their disposal highly advanced weaponry, from cruise missiles that can be accurately fired from relative safety to stealth B-2s and hundreds of other aircraft that can carry heavy ordinance and conduct repeated sorties.But the IAF, while pound for pound arguably the world's best air force, does not have the aircraft and weaponry to carry out an attack that could substantially hamper or delay Iran's nuclear effort. It mainly flies retrofitted F-15s and F-16s that are extremely advanced but really only effective in high precision strikes. The problem is that there are too many Iranian facilities that are too far away (from Israel and from one another) and too well hardened for Israel to strike with effectiveness. In order to destroy Iran's most critical nuclear facilities (which are hardened and/or deep underground), multiple coordinated precision strikes on each facility with bunker busters will be needed. Israel has these bombs, but can't put enough of them on its available aircraft to repeatedly fly over a target and drop them with enough precision to destroy these facilities. They're further hampered by the fact that extra space on the wings to carry additional weaponry will be occupied instead by external fuel tanks. Israel will also only have one shot at this - it can't fly repeated sorties back and forth between Israel and Iran to conduct strikes. You then take into account Iran's (albeit modest and likely delayed) detection capabilities and its ability to at least attempt to thwart an attack, and it becomes highly unlikely that Israel could do much more than cause structural (but easily reparable) damage to Iran's facilities. These aren't my opinions. They come from relatively senior Navy and Air Force officers who have conducted joint military exercises with Israel (and have in-depth knowledge of its military capabilities), as well people who have the diplomatic experience to fill in the rest of the gaps. People keep bringing up Osirak and the attack on the Syrian reactor as evidence that Israel can do this sort of thing with ease, but those strikes were a cake walk compared to what Israel will have to do to see similar results in Iran. And they both involved extremely sophisticated planning and execution. To me, it's pretty clear that Israel cannot initiate a strike against Iran, and Israeli policy planners surely know this. They're just keeping as quiet as possible about it in the hopes that the US decides to conduct the strike on its own.



The attack would give Iran a claim on the sympathy of countries that might otherwise be inclined to shun it, thereby invigorating its campaign to thwart U.S. and Western isolation efforts. But to remain the victim, it would have not to victimize others. Successful victimhood would therefore mean few or no Iranian-sponsored terror attacks against U.S. targets. It would also mean only limited terror attacks against Israel. If victimhood works, and Iran escapes isolation, its current rulers will have fended off one of the main threats to the regime anywhere on the horizon. That benefit would seem to outweigh whatever harm Israeli bombs could do to the nuclear program.





Any bombing run will, at least temporarily, shock the international system and rock Iran internally. The Israelis will have shown that they are deadly serious about confronting the Iranian nuclear threat, that they are willing to go on a permanent war-footing with the Islamic Republic and its deadliest ally, the Hizbollah, which will probably unleash rocket hell on Israel in turn. Although President Obama may become (privately) furious with the Israelis, any Israeli strike will make the United States, and probably even the reluctant Europeans, more determined to shut down Iran's program. If Khamenei and the Guard Corps respond to an Israeli strike with terrorism, which is likely, then they could well put themselves into a strategic cul-de-sac, especially if they strike out against American targets or do something truly stupid, like trying to shut down the Strait of Hormuz.




If Israel initiated a strike, by almost any reading the very mildest result would be economic disruption on a major scale. Upheaval in the world oil markets; resulting financial/trade upheaval of all kinds; uncertainty with a capital-U; and that is before we even start thinking about short- and longer-term "kinetic" retaliatory efforts by Iran. And this is supposed to push America (and Europe, China, etc) closer to Israel?? To increase their solidarity in bearing down on Iran? Think about it: If, according to this scenario, America had decided not to attack on its own, that necessarily means that from the coldest calculation of our own American self-interest, all the assorted damage from an attack still seemed greater than the benefits. Now Israel would be bringing on all the damage that we had already decided was not worthwhile.



Iran's second and most important intellectual revolution is not a fragile thing; indeed, it thrives, as does so much in Persian history, on adversity and suffering. If Khamenei tries to kill off the Green Movement (that is kill, rape, and torture it more than he's done so far), then we can only look with amazement as he foolishly turns Mir-Hosein Mousavi, Mehdi Karroubi, and others from the founding generation of the revolution into martyrs. I will not dwell here, again, on why bombing Iran, even when you take in all the awful things that might follow (and let us try to remember that the region-shattering scenarios that Brent Scrowcroft and so many others predicted with the Iraq War did not happen), is still considerably less frightening than allowing Khamenei and the Revolutionary Guard Corps to acquire nukes.


The United States and/or Israel must be prepared to go to the brink -- to conventionally and covertly counter the Islamic Republic's aggression, and to credibly threaten nuclear war -- in order to maintain the peace. The Cold War was hot and very bloody. Much of the American and European Left gave up on the conflict long before the United States' defense budget and the Poles downed communism. The Israelis are probably prepared to fight this out -- they have no choice...an Israeli preemptive strike against Iran's nuclear facilities seems far less gut-wrenching than what is likely to follow once Khamenei has an atomic bomb.



Israeli calculations for a preventive strike don't have to be conclusive to be successful. If the Israelis do nothing, they know that they would eventually be staring at an internally unstable, virulently anti-Semitic, terrorist-fond regime with nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles. Simply imagining the probable hair-trigger scenarios in which Israel will have to play atomic-bluff with Iran's supreme leader Ali Khamenei and the Revolutionary Guard Corps -- the organization that oversees Iran's nuclear program -- ought to be enough to make any rational nuclear planner shudder. For the first time ever, the same organization that has been responsible for all of the Islamic Republic's terrorist liaison relationships -- including an operationally supportive relationship with al-Qaeda after the 1998 Africa embassy bombings, according to the 9/11 Commission Report -- would control nuclear weapons. Then imagine other Middle Eastern regimes, especially the Saudi state, built upon Wahhabism, also acquiring the bomb in order to counter Iranian Shiite power -- and you can see why the nerves of any Israeli nuclear planner have to be fried. Although it's possible that the American sanctions approach could eventually succeed in producing sufficient internal turmoil to derail the atomic program, the odds of this seem unlikely. The sanctions regime still has too many Russian and Chinese holes, not to mention German breaches, to have a sufficiently crushing effect.








