The self-defense capabilities that Taiwan chooses to pursue should be “asymmetric” and “innovative.”

Tanks and F-16s are exactly the weapons that Taiwan needs to maintain its own self-defense capability.
 
Taiwan needs to increase its defense budget due to the threat it faces.  This would show Taiwan is serious about its own self-defense. 

Taiwan’s Overall Defense Concept is the right approach for Taiwan to take. 

The United States’ response to China’s militarization of the South China Sea is helpful and the United States should continue their Freedom of Navigation operations.

Taiwan’s indigenous defense submarine will enable Taiwan to maintain its own self-defense.

Taiwan’s universities should establish better ROTC programs to attract young Taiwan students to serve in Taiwan’s military.  The United States has relied on these programs for decades to train and educate our professional military officer corps.  

Taiwan should bring back conscription to increase its self-defense capabilities.

Instead of buying arms from the United States, Taiwan should develop weapons indigenously. 

Taiwan should pursue trilateral security exchanges with the United States and Japan to enhance its self-defense. 

Taiwan’s humanitarian assistance and disaster response capabilities are world-class, and should be deployed to help all countries in need in response to manmade or natural disasters.  

Taiwan’s focus on building and sustaining a credible deterrence is challenged by time, resources, geography, and international space.

Taiwan is demonstrating a strong resolve in defense cooperation with the United States, one of the largest programs in the Indo-Pacific!

The U.S. through the Taiwan Relations Act demonstrates enduring resolve to Taiwan in approving the transfer of superior, combat proven weapons and services.

A threats-based approach would take into account Taiwan’s limited resources and the need for low-cost, dispersible, and effective solutions that could deny China success if it attempted to invade Taiwan.

Taiwan must balance readiness with force development – tricky even for the United States.

The U.S.-Taiwan defense cooperation relationship is vibrant.  Both sides continue to find the space to innovate, execute, and demonstrate a unity of purpose.

Positive change begins with Taiwan and the United States clearly and transparently communicating mutually shared priorities that will enhance Taiwan’s ability to defend itself.

As Taiwan seeks to procure, integrate, and operationalize asymmetric and conventional systems, our defense cooperation can proactively work to support Taiwan’s defense strategy.

We must look at innovative ways to focus on the true threats that Taiwan faces and takes into account Taiwan’s focus and resources.

Taiwan must enhance or replace existing conventional weapon systems with more lethal, survivable, and integrated options that are interoperable, redundant, and networked.  

It is important that Taiwan seek weapons that are survivable, low cost, of a high quantity that can ensure continued cross-Strait peace and stability.   

Taiwan efforts must test assumptions, validate existing capabilities, and drive military decisions that maintain readiness.

Taiwan must get rid of old weapons and focus investment in modern and lethal weapons.

The U.S.-Taiwan security relationship should expand beyond traditional weapons systems to focus on threats related to cyberattacks and information warfare.  

